of most if felt important decisions based daily as leader. Naval Officer
Number one is knowing the status of my plant as division officers.
Chief Engineer, you had to know you were responsible for power. Like
war of the ship. Ship goes forward at the power before I was responsible.
Stem to start feels the main mast. Frankly. So knowing status
alot of your appointment. Because frankly, as in a lawsuit has to
ship this way. You know, everything is not going to be 100% all the
time. I don't care. You are a new commission ship. There's gonna be
parts that are gonna be broken down. And how is that going to affect
your ability to carry out the ship's mission? You have to think about
that every day. Do I have the right technology? Right Parks, the
right pieces, right, people to carry out the mission